feat: add rancher integration for airgapped environment and prime case (#694)
harvester/docs: docs/airgap.md

If the **Cloud Provider** option is configured to **Harvester** in a guest K8s cluster, it deploys the Harvester cloud provider and Container Storage Interface (CSI) driver.

![cluster-registry](/img/v1.2/cluster-registry.png)

As a result, we recommend monitoring each [RKE2 release](https://github.com/rancher/rke2/releases) in your air gapped environment and pulling the required images into your private registry. Please refer to the **Harvester CCM & CSI Driver** with RKE2 Releases section on the [Harvester support matrix page](https://www.suse.com/suse-harvester/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/harvester-v1-1-2/) for the best Harvester cloud provider and CSI driver capability support.

> ## Integrate with External Rancher
> 
> When importing Harvester to an external Rancher, the rancher-agent image is decided by the external Rancher. The image may not be included in the Harvester ISO. In this case, you need to pull the rancher-agent image from the internet and load it on each node or push it to the Harvester cluster's registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Integrate with an External Rancher

Rancher determines the `rancher-agent` image to be used whenever a Harvester cluster is imported. If the image is not included in the Harvester ISO, it must be pulled from the internet and loaded on each node, or pushed to the Harvester cluster's registry.
```

```bash

> # on a computer which can reach the internet and harvester cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Run the following commands on a computer that can access both the internet and the Harvester cluster.
```
